Welcome back OK.
So we feel pretty comfortable with react and redux.
We know that they're there for us to use to optimize this part right.
The part where javascript has to constantly adjust to use your interactions and revenger paint and layout
work and so this makes sense.
But let's talk a little bit about this part where we have a ton of Djoser files and we somehow need
to deliver them to the client to the browser so that we can render something other apps get bigger and
bigger.
Especially with single page applications we have more and more Java's care files.
So we have a need for something called a Bandler something that bundles all these files together so
that whether we want to put it all into one or divide them up it does it so nicely without us having
to do it manually.
You might remember in the performance Parwan exercise when we worked on the Kaikohe Web site well we
manually had to copy and paste the javascript from one library into the other the mini ify it.
And that's a lot of manual work that you wouldn't want to do especially as our apps get bigger and bigger.
So things like butlers are able to manipulate and combine even CSSA nation more files into one.
They can combine Java's care files an ugly side they could optimize images.
They can do a ton of really cool things to maximize the delivery of Arafat's And up until this point.
We were lucky enough because create re-act tap did this for us whenever we ran NPM start or NPM built
to build our files for production Cray react up underneath the hood was using something called wetback
to do this for us.
For the next couple of videos I want to introduce you to wet pack and bundling for although tools like
create re-act Abdou are really really good job for us.
We still want to know how things work underneath the hood.
And when it comes to Bon Lake homeboy there's a ton of options.
Right now the most popular is wetback and they just came out with a wet pack for but there there's a
new up and comer parsel and then roll up who's always been popular.
Now all of these are Bandler's.
That is they taken some files and they spit out a file based on some optimizations so that we can deliver
it to the browser.
Now what pack is the reigning champion and is definitely a good tool.
That's why they react up uses it.
But parsel has come out recently with the idea of zero configuration that is unlike wet bag that requires
a lot of configuration.
We have to tell it every single detail of what we need done to the files and what we need outputted
parsel says Hey that's kind of hectic.
That's kind of annoying.
What if we just take care of it for you.
Just tell us what files you want to put in here and we'll just spit them off for you.
All optimized and ready to go.
And then roll up is also famous for similar things with wet back but really really good.
It's something called tree shaking that is avoiding any code that we don't really need to use and throwing
it out before they bundle everything.
Now in this course we're going to talk a bit about web back and do a nice little exercise and also a
little demonstration on parsel but I wanted to keep two things in mind.
The first one is practical.
That is when should I use these well.
What pack is the tried and tested module Bandler that if you have a large project you're most likely
using wetback.
And this is most likely set up at the beginning of the project by somebody who's a team leader or a
senior developer.
So use these for big projects.
The second will use parsel if you're on a project by yourself or it's a small project.
You just need to get up and going.
You don't need to worry too much about configuration files like web pack it's super easy to pick up
and very easy to learn finally use roll up for when you're rolling out your own NPM packages.
The second point and the most important point I think is the fact that configurations and configuration
files always change.
One of my big pet peeves is how much time we dedicate to something like wetback to understand its configuration
and then a new version comes out like what back for.
And things change.
When it comes to configuration and bundling we're always evolving.
Things are always improving and something that we learned two years ago might not apply now.
So keep that in mind.
Don't go overboard and read every single line in the well-packed documentation when you have a problem
when we need to create a web that config file to configure your module bundling well.
By that point you should know what that does.
So you can go into the documentation and read through them as you build your config file.
You don't need to memorize every single thing and that's why I'm a big fan of using something like create
react to create re-act app was developed by some of the smartest minds in web development and their
working day in and day out to make that project successful and as optimized and as well coded as they
can.
They're spending their time full time there so why reinvent the wheel.
Crea react up already exists.
Use their power use their knowledge.
Use the constant updates that you get for free and if you really really need to need to optimize.
You can always do something like NPM run a jet and create racked up so that you have access to the well-packed
config file.
But keep this in mind configurations always change.
Just know how they work and understand why they're useful.
But don't spend all your time learning how to do a configuration file.
Your time is better spent learning how to code properly create less bugs write better tests.
All things that we'll talk about later in the course.
That's it for now.
I'll see in the next one.
Babai.